README.md, before:

# RemoveW10Bloat from Windows 10
Remove Bloat from Windows 10  This batch file can be used to remove tracking/telemetry, data collection and default apps from Windows 10. It's a compilation of several scripts into a single batch file based on what I considered useful. Download HERE, then remove the ".txt" extension and run as Admin. Use at your own risk! Customize as you wish.   In case you want to put things back, here's the reverse script (remove the ".txt" extension and run as Admin).

## Remove Bloat from Windows 10 & Debloat it like it's Android ROM by turning off SpyWare and Microsoft Telemetry Services

This batch file can be used to remove tracking/telemetry, data collection and default apps from Windows 10.
It's a compilation of several scripts into a single batch file based on what I considered useful.
**[Download RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt "Download RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt"), then remove the ".txt"** extension(so it looks like "_RemoveW10Bloat.bat_") and **run as Admin.**
Use at your own risk! Customize as you wish. 

In case you want **_to put things back & UNDO the process _**, **[PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "UNDO SCRIPT with PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt")**. The reverse script (remove the ".txt" extension and **RightClick + Run As Admin).**

## BOTH SCRIPTS DELETE *.txt extension and _RIGHTCLICK + RUN AS ADMIN_

1. **Right-Click & Run As Admin** fires the script as *.bat in Command Prompt, after finishing restart your PC.
2. If you wanna execute script as per 1-by-1 service or task and not all, just edit _**RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt**_ with some txt editor(eg. Notepad++ or SublimeText or just Notepad) remove the lines you dont want to execute or add some more if you need them & save it back to FileName.bat(remove/rename *.txt into eg. RemoveW10Bloat.bat) - execute as described by RightClicking it and Run As Admin, reboot PC after and check the services and tasks usually RUNNING in processes tree or services window.
3. **[UNDO](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "UNDO PROCES SCRIPT")** & Reverse the proces, just Download the **_[PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt")_ & UNDO the process SCRIPT from above.**

Commit message:

Readme.md clarification
simplified the process of customization and editability as per line.

README.md, after:

# RemoveW10Bloat from Windows 10
Remove Bloat from Windows 10  This batch file can be used to remove tracking/telemetry, data collection and default apps from Windows 10. It's a compilation of several scripts into a single batch file based on what I considered useful. Download HERE, then remove the ".txt" extension and run as Admin. Use at your own risk! Customize as you wish.   In case you want to put things back, here's the reverse script (remove the ".txt" extension and run as Admin).

## Remove Bloat from Windows 10 & Debloat it like it's Android ROM by turning off SpyWare and Microsoft Telemetry Services

This batch file can be used to remove tracking/telemetry, data collection and default apps from Windows 10.
It's a compilation of several scripts into a single batch file based on what I considered useful.
**[Download RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt "Download RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt"), then remove the ".txt"** extension(so it looks like "_RemoveW10Bloat.bat_") and **run as Admin.**
Use at your own risk! Customize it as you wish. 

In case you want **_to put things back & UNDO the process _**, **[PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "UNDO SCRIPT with PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt")**. The reverse script (remove the ".txt" extension and **Right-Click + Run As Admin).**

## BOTH SCRIPTS USAGE: DELETE (.txt) suffix extension and _RIGHTCLICK + RUN AS ADMIN file as described in this format model(eg. _**PutBackW10Bloat.bat or YourNewScriptName.bat**_).

1. **Right-Click & Run As Admin** fires the script as *.bat in Command Prompt, after finishing restart your PC.
2. If you wanna execute script as 1-by-1 service or task per line and not all, just edit _**RemoveW10Bloat.bat.txt**_ with some txt editor(eg. _**Notepad++, SublimeText, Windows Notepad, anyTxtEditorYouHave...**_) remove the lines you dont want to execute or add some more if you need them & save it back to FileName.bat(remove *.txt suffix like here **_RemoveW10Bloat.bat_**) & execute as described by RightClicking it + Run As Admin, reboot PC after and check the services and tasks usually RUNNING in processes tree or services window.
3. **[UNDO](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "UNDO PROCES SCRIPT")** & Reverse the proces, just Download the **_[PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt](https://github.com/komodev/RemoveW10Bloat/blob/master/PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt "PutBackW10Bloat.bat.txt")_ & UNDO the process SCRIPT from above.**
